hello gamers the game report I have not
made a video for legal edgings updates
for a little while I've missed a few
topics so first of all I have anivia
getting a texture update this is similar
to what happened to rammus but before I
get into details and show you more
pictures have to announce RP contest I'm
having right now for a chance to win
7200 RPM with the VAR p all you guys
have to do to enter is leave a comment
RP with your summoner name this is open
to any server not just na I need you to
go to the link in the description to
twitch TV / the game port and go leave a
follow I stream on there every friday at
seven p.m. EST for my podcasts that we
do we haven't done in the last couple
weeks but we're going to be doing it
this week it's going to be TDA 11 or 12
i am not exactly too sure sorry for not
keeping track but the last thing is we
like you to subscribe to the game report
one so just leave a subscribe on this
video and I'll get into the more
information so if you do all those three
things you have a chance to win 7200 RP
and the winner will be announced when
there are two thousand comments please
don't comment bout this thank you okay
baby update continued anivia texture
update so as you see here this is Anna
via in-game this is when she's just
standing there they made um like I'll
show you down here they made the
textures on the wing actually look
better it's not super bright it's
actually visible as well if you notice
it everything's in the same places it's
more just that they redid the textures
and how it like looks and sort of the
shape of the wing to make it look more
like a real wing and kind of technically
comparing them this wing looks stronger
it looks like it won't break on impact
like shatter okay so looks amazing when
she's moving like with the wings flying
goes in wings out wings out this is her
team spirit anivia see
looks amazing same textures do you see
how this wing is similar to this one
except it's a little bit darker it's two
more emphasized the red white and blue
same thing flying flying wings in then
this is from old to new as you guys can
tell the new looks incredibly better the
old one so bright and it looks faded and
it's hard to see where this one looks
detailed really amazing the colors to
the color choices great and they didn't
add this weird glow to it and they have
bird of prey anivia skin they redid it
as well so same wing design has the same
shape everything yeah it just looks a
little tiny bit different at the top and
around here but see this where our wings
are in wings are in wings our out things
are out and that's from the face right
back and left now this is from old to
new now do you see how the old one you
could barely see the face it's so faded
the back you couldn't even see this
white if it had texture or not because
it's so bright now you actually see the
texture lines the head looks more
detailed and if you look at the hmm it
looks like they've taken off texture
from the wing because this looks over
textured almost it looks grainy or this
looks like an actual bird wing and it
almost looks like a feather that looks
for like stone ox is hunter and nivea
this one's just so cool it has the same
wing as the first ones then it has this
gold overlay on the head and stuff I may
try to get a better so yeah I has horns
gold the helmet and this gold plating on
the top of the wings at near the
shoulders arm so front side back side to
show the two differences they retextured
the wings that the textures are in
different spots they took away some of
the color so that you have emphasis on
the nice
blue color this is over bright and just
again looks really weird and it looks
over textured because they're adding
these grainy lines that make it look
like stone and it's not a bird wing or
this one it still looks like ice but
because she is the frost bird rip but at
least looks more realistic then this
might be one of the coolest anivia skins
hextech anivia get zoom in on this so
looks amazing they retextured it looks
crazy all obviously hextech it's like a
hextech Victor I'm pretty sure so show
front side back and side looks really
cool looks plated so old one two new one
the obvious differences are that they
added this right here the textures
underneath the head they added a a
better color and shading on the back of
pipes where this one has terrible
lighting and they darkened up this right
wing they took away the strip of blue
that was right here on both sides they
took it away made it a just a solid
color and put the blue on the back of
the wing they also retextured this made
a different color some of the textures
are still the same it's just different
colors and shading what pretty pretty
cool I'm really happy for this skin I
think they did really well they it even
looks like the shadow on the ground
looks less pixelated in the new one now
i'm curious is that in each of them it
is like this is really pixelated this
one isn't not a big difference but it's
a thing pixelated less pixelated and
less pixelated again and oh let's
pixelate it again so if that is
something they did Wow rack cool that
was a good change i'm not sure how they
did it i guess they had to redo the
whole shadow as well hope you guys
enjoyed and are looking forward to this
um texture update for anivia don't
forget to enter the contest and
as it says here black frost anivia did
not get a new texture update because she
was already one of the new ones because
she was the latest skin to come out for
Olivia so again hope you guys enjoyed
and have a good day